Add CSV data module Implementation for Ballerina (#4)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv: README.md

# Ballerina CSV Data Library

[![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/build-timestamped-master.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/build-timestamped-master.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv)
[![Trivy](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml)
[![GraalVM Check](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml)
[![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-data.csv/commits/master)

> [![Github issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/data.csv.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fdata.csv)

Reviewer: Create a label `module/data.csv` in the library repo and add that labels to all csv data related issues.

The Ballerina CSV Data Library is a comprehensive toolkit designed to facilitate the handling and manipulation of CSV data within Ballerina applications. It streamlines the process of converting CSV data to native Ballerina data types, enabling developers to work with CSV content seamlessly and efficiently.

## Features

- **Versatile CSV Data Input**: Accept CSV data as a string, byte array, or a stream and convert it into a subtype of ballerina records or lists.
- **CSV to anydata Value Conversion**: Transform CSV data into expected type which is subtype of ballerina records or lists.
- **Projection Support**: Perform selective conversion of CSV data subsets into ballerina records or lists values through projection.

## Usage

### Converting CSV string to a record array

> To convert an CSV document value to a record value, you can utilize the `parseStringToRecord` function provided by the library. The example below showcases the transformation of a CSV document into a record array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To convert a CSV string into a record value, you can use the parseStringToRecord function from the library. The following example demonstrates how to transform a CSV document into an array of records.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/data.csv;
import ballerina/io;

type Book record {
    string name;
    string author;
    int year;
};

public function main() returns error? {
    string csvString = string `name,author,year
                               Clean Code,Robert C. Martin,2008
                               The Pragmatic Programmer,Andrew Hunt and David Thomas,1999`;

    Book[] books = check csv:parseStringToRecord(csvString);

>     foreach var book in books {
>         io:println(book);
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    io:println(books);
```

Author: I think using foreach will be the better option in here.

}
```

### Converting external CSV document to a record value

> For transforming CSV content from an external source into a record value, the `parseStringToRecord`, `parseBytesToRecord`, `parseStreamToRecord`, `parseStringToList`, `parseBytesToList`and `parseStreamToList` functions can be used. This external source can be in the form of a string or a byte array/byte-block-stream that houses the CSV data. This is commonly extracted from files or network sockets. The example below demonstrates the conversion of an CSV value from an external source into a record value.

Reviewer 2: I don't this we need this sub content. In here external simply means a reference.
